# Sprint X Review Meeting

## Date & Time

---

5/18/25  
**Start time:** 8:05 PM
**End time:** 8:42 PM

## Attendance

---

- [x] Ada
- [] Parwiz
- [] Kevin William
- [x] Arturo
- [] Rahul
- [x] Ayaka
- [x] Alexander
- [x] Andrew
- [x] Hui
- [] Gaurav
- [x] Teoman

## Housekeeping

---

- **Meeting reminders:** every week after class on Tuesdays and Thursdays, + one additional meeting on Sunday
  - Tuesday: sprint planning
  - Thursday: sprint retro (for the previous week's sprint)
  - Sunday (@ 4 pm): sprint review
- Keep an eye out for soft assignments on Canvas: project tasks graded at the end of the quarter, but for which there are checkpoints over the next weeks
  - sprint retros: checkpoints 5/18, 5.25, 6/1
  - sprint reviews: checkpoints 5/18, 5/25, 6/1
  - **this is why it's important for you to come to meetings!**

## Updates & Goals

---

Share what you accomplished since the last standup, and what you aim to get done next.
| DevOps team: Ada, Andrew | Set up Github project board for issues, set up project backlog|
| Design team: Alexander, Teoman, Arturo | Final wireframe review and live feedback session; homepage and editor page final edits and team approval |
| Dev team: Hui | No updates, ready to finish first issues between now and Tuesday |

## Blockers

---

Share any blockers that you're facing which are stalling/ preventing progress.
| Ada | 2 midterms and 1 major hw set due next week |
| Hui | Taking 5 classes; also lack of engagement from dev team last sprint |
| Ayaka | Midterms next week |
| Teoman | Can commit ti 2-3 hours of issue work |
| Arturo | Not super firm on HTML and CSS principles; will need learning support |
| Parwiz | Absent |
| William | Absent |
| Alexander| CSE120 project work, but can commit to 2-3 hours for an issue between now and Wed |
| Andrew | CSE120 Project work |
| Gaurav | Absent |
| Rahul | Absent |

## Parking Lot

---

While people are giving updates, take notes here on any follow ups you plan to do/ will check in on after the standup.  
| Ada | Troubleshoot JSDocs download issue in CI/CD pipeline, write up code consistency in-editor tool guide |
| Hui | Will take build-on issue for editor page functionality |
| Ayaka | Will finish homepage setup issue by Tuesday |
| Teoman | Will work with Alex on implementing toolbar (first cut complete by Wed) - check in on progress tomorrow |
| Arturo | Set up custom component for greeting card in editor mode |
| Parwiz | Follow up on availability and assign issue |
| William | Follow up on availability and assign issue |
| Alexander| Will work with Teoman on implementing toolbar (first cut complete by Wed) - check in on progress tomorrow |
| Andrew | Troubleshoot branch code quality tool for CI/CD pipeline |
| Gaurav | Follow up on availability and assign issue |
| Rahul | Follow up on availability and assign issue |

## Action Items

---

Add any additional actions taht come up during the meeting/ edits we need to make to our work or documentation.

- [] @adahe8 will work with @anl139 to troubleshoot CI/CD pipeline
- [] Andrew will cross check backlog with feature list and add in any missing information
- [] @adahe8 will write ADR for ESLint and Prettier in-editor formatting usage to enforce coding standard across team tomorrow
- [] @arturo will create the custom web components for the greeting card
  - connect with Teoman and Alexander to discuss flip animation
- [] @ataotian and @teoozakan will code toolbar functionality
- [] Hui: assign a task
