# Sprint 1 Retro

---

Facilitated by: @adahe8

## Date and Time

---

5/15/2025  
**Start time:** 6:20 PM  
**End time:** 6:50 PM

## Attendance

---

- [x] Ada
- [x] Parwiz
- [x] Kevin William
- [x] Arturo
- [x] Rahul
- [x] Ayaka
- [x] Alexander
- [x] Andrew
- [] Hui
- [x] Gaurav
- [x] Teoman

**Time to reflect on last week's sprint! Consider the progress we made last week, the organization and communication between teams, the division of tasks, and think about how you showed up. Now, let's discuss the follwoing questions.**

## What went well?

---

- having organized meetings after each class
- dividing tasks across subteams helped with accountability
- getting to know other members of the team and work styles

## What weighed us down?

---

- hard to organize meeting times because of scheduling conflicts
- not sure what to work on at the start so it was hard getting momentum
- lack of communciation and interaction outside of class
- we were indecisive about certain aspects of the project: couldn't decide on feature set
- people not knowing what to do and not asking questions

## What challenges are coming up?

---

- lack of communication and ghosting from team members
- upcoming midterms and finals preparations reducing hours people can work and contributing to ghosting
- free riding: members of team expecting others to finish their work
- concern that some of our product features are out of scope or beyond our abilities to implement
- lack of technical knowledge may hinder progress

## What can we do to address them?

---

- clarifying and assigning class during after-class meetings: making sure no one leaves confused!
  - we'll do a once around where everyone either confirms they understand their task or that they know who to reach out to for help if they feel stuck
- **please take at least 5 minutes daily in the afternoons or evenings to check Slack**
  - react and respond to other people's messages
- **do not wait until the meetings to do something** -> review your tasks and check canvas, the class slack, our class, and gradescope for updates
- hold people accountable for their work with regular standups, to ensure we are on track to completing the MVP
- Put our features and tasks into clearly defined Github issues

## Once around the table

End on a positive note by sharing things we're looking forward to!

## Summary and Actions

- [] follow up with Hui
- [] design team: look over [incremental feature list]() and approve or edit by tonight
  - [] then send it into the main team channel
- [] DevOps and leads @adahe8 @anl139 @parrwiz @rabulsara02, write features up into our GitHub issues backlog
- [] Assign issues to team
- [] **Sunday @ 4 PM via Slack Huddle:** Sprint Review
